That's a frustrating situation—a successful HTTP status code (200) misleading you when the underlying data is incorrect. It sounds like a common data filtering logic error in your backend query.

Here's my advice, broken down into immediate checks and long-term structural fixes:

🔍 Immediate Checks & Query Fixes
Before rewriting the entire endpoint, you need to verify the current query logic.

1. Check the Query's WHERE Clause
The most common reason for this issue is a missing or incorrect filter in the database query.

Action: Go directly to the SQL query (or ORM equivalent like Sequelize/Prisma/Mongoose query) used by the endpoint (e.g., /api/platform/updates).

Correction: Ensure the query explicitly excludes items based on their "cleared" status.

If you use a boolean flag (is_cleared):

SQL

SELECT * FROM platform_updates WHERE is_cleared = FALSE AND is_archived = FALSE;
If you use a timestamp (cleared_at):

SQL

SELECT * FROM platform_updates WHERE cleared_at IS NULL AND is_active = TRUE;
2. Validate the "Mark as Cleared" Process
Confirm that the API endpoint responsible for marking the items as cleared is actually writing the changes to the database.

Action: Manually check the database record for an item that you know you marked as cleared.

Verification: Does the is_cleared column show TRUE or the cleared_at column show a valid timestamp? If not, the issue is in the write operation, not the read operation.

3. Verify Caching Layers (Even with 200 Status)
Although the endpoint is returning a 200 status code (suggesting a fresh uncached response), double-check if any lower-level caching is interfering.

Check: Is there a database cache (e.g., Redis layer, Memcached) that holds query results for platform updates before the endpoint even hits the primary database?

Correction: Ensure any caching service is either:

Bypassed for this specific endpoint, OR

Invalidated/Purged immediately after an item is marked as cleared.

💡 Long-Term Structural Advice
To prevent this class of bug from recurring, integrate better data handling practices.

1. Adopt Soft Deletes (for Cleared Status)
Using a timestamp (cleared_at) instead of a boolean flag is generally better practice for "soft deletes" or status changes.

Benefit: Allows you to filter based on cleared_at IS NULL for active items, but still retain the history and the exact time the item was cleared for auditing.

2. Create a Dedicated Data Access Layer (DAL)
If you are writing raw SQL/ORM code directly inside your route handlers, it's easy to forget a filter.

Structure: Create a dedicated service or repository function (e.g., PlatformUpdateService.getUnclearedUpdates()).

Benefit: This function encapsulates the filtering logic, ensuring that every component that calls it automatically gets the correctly filtered (uncleared) dataset. This makes testing and maintenance much simpler.

3. Implement Unit Tests for Filtering
If you don't have them already, unit tests are the best long-term defense against filtering bugs.

Test Case:

Create three updates: A, B, and C.

Mark B as cleared (set is_cleared = TRUE).

Call the endpoint (/api/platform/updates).

Assertion: Assert that the response array contains only updates A and C (and not B).

Following these steps should quickly isolate whether the problem is in the read query, the write operation, or a hidden caching layer.