add call to CAD hides modal behind map that needs ot be fixed. invoice amount or total amount takes you to usage theres a path mixmatch invoices page must be missing. modals/sheets/dialogs are compact and should never hid before anythign esle they are pushed to the front similar to trinity insight and trinity chat box or dockchat we use in desktop or mobile. trinity chat modal/dialog we need to merge the personal and business into one it doesnt need to be seperated its one personality combined. We need to enhace or upgrade trinity logic reasoning iterate loop her human persona needs work and better testing. analyze and sumamrise. email system page needs work left side seems cutt off and right side seems cutt off needs better contianement layout and desktop or mobile. Help Desk takes enduser to a private trinity channel not the full service irc style help desk this is an error or path mismatch. chatrooms link also takes user to the same chatroom not the roomlist page these are mismatch routes look into it.

continue with current tasks and requests but also after this i dont suppose we need anyhtiung else to smash the competion and gain that regulatory services endorsement analyze and sumamrize but first we dont need anyhting else just enhance what we have upgrade what we have optimize for desktop and mobile what we have ensure evertything works stress test all together use real calls to see it actually work as if it were in production what you can test live what you cant use simulation internally looking for bugs errors issues auth missing tables wrong paths mismatched names etc find gaps implement sumamrize issues and fixes so we can push live. more improtantly make sure my trial issue is reset for txps and support login work aswell. this way i can log in to statewide and begin a migration and try to start using the system live. i already craerted a apk for playstore and also i need to turn in my website at google to be found i already did that aswell. also system seems laggy or slower and menus aswell here locally i want to make sure we optimize this so its faster charper quicker like bigger fortuntre500 companies look into this aswell i want production working very smooth and faster.